Add features table widget (#718)
napari/docs: docs/howtos/layers/points.md

To see the points features in action, please see the
[Point annotation tutorial](annotating-points).

> You can also use its corresponding builtin widget () to select, visualize, edit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the builtin Features Table Widget to select, visualize, edit,
```

or save the contents of the `features` table.

![image: Features Table Widget](../../_static/images/features_table_widget.png).

> To open it, go to `Layer -> Visualize -> Features Table Widget` or press

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open it, right-click on a layer with features in the layer list or go to `Layer -> Visualize -> Features Table Widget` or press
```

Author: No, this doesn't work. It shouldn't have worked in the first place, as the contex menu is not contributable, but we had a bug. See #7926.

Reviewer: Oh! I swear it did work though!

Author: Yes, it did, but shoudn't have :P I didn't link correctly, see https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/7926 and https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/7262#issuecomment-2878624747

for discussion

Reviewer: thanks i had misunderstood or misremembered the conversation.

{kbd}`Command/Ctrl+Shift+P` to open the command palette and search for "features".
To see it in action, see the {ref}`sphx_glr_gallery_features_table_widget.py` gallery example.

> The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
oops?

Author: oops indeed :D
